Attitude
An Attitiude is a positive, negative or mix evaluation of an object that is expressed as some level of intensity

Nature of attitude
1. Attitude are a complex combination of things we tend to call personality, belief, values, behaviour and motivations.
2. An attitude exist in every person's smile.
3. Attitude varey in their strength.
4. Attitude provides us with internal cognitions or belives and thought's about people and object.
5. Attitude are learn't.
6. Different situation influence attitude.

Components of Attitude :
1. Feeling and emotions : The affective components of attitude relates to a personas feelings or emotions in their shapping on their attitude to a person or a object. If you feel more positive about someone you are more liking to address them in positive manner.


The cognitive components relates to our beliefs and knowledge about someone or a situation that shapes our attitude.

3. Behavioural : This components involves our actions towards a person or situtation for ex. if we have a possitive behaviour at work and there is a positive environment we more likely to behave in a productive manner.

Types of attitude :
1. Knowledge function : Every individual needs to understand the external world in meaningfull way for instance an individual should know the nature of people and things around him to become a functional member of society. This need includes getting knowledge about material things, people, extract entities, formal lernings, practical lernings, and so on.

2. Ego diffencive function : This function helps an individual protect his ego or self image from harm, shame or threat. An individual want's to maintain peace, self emotion however there are sometiems situations that may cause him a sense of guilt or shame in such situation the individual develops ego diffence attitude to minimize there sence of guilt or shape.

3. Value expressive function : The value expressive function enables an individual to expreses his central values and believes. Every individual .. set of values or believes. Most values and believes are aquire through interaction and experiences with other in society. this are shared values and believes which become part of once personality or identity.

.4 Adjustment function : The adjustment function of attitude helps people to adjust to their environment. To be well adjusted in environment means to be able to receive
